In order to show you how timely for X I'm just going to create a new project and this project is going
to be named as timely.
Let's just rename our artifact as timely to and just copy that and rename the description.
All right let's click next to dependencies and dependencies.
I'm going to choose web and in the template engines I'm going to choose time.
OK.
Now let's just it next.
And just HOW ARE project created by Intel.
That's click Finish and open this project in new window.
All right we have our basic project structure created by intill.
Let's just check out our palm products some efile in our point that Exham Elf while we have springboards
starter time leef dependency.
This dependency is going to allow us to use time with what we're going to do in this project is we're
going to have a controller and we're going to serve a time we've template from that controller.
We're going to map that request to a path and that path is going to serve our Web page so our template
we're going to create our templates under the temple's folder and our control to serve that.
All right.
To do that I'm going to create a package and just name it.
Controller and this controller I'm going to create a halo controller.
All right this controller is going to be it of course with a controller rotation
in this controller.
What I want to do is I'm going to map the request to a u r l and your L is going to.
So my template.
So I'll say that I went to serve this as hello and I'll just going to create a method.
To be mapped as a web method.
And let's just say that this is the hello moated and we're going to inject the time live model here
so we can insert and inject our data to our model.
And in this model we're going to add some data so that our template can resolve it and display it to
our users to show some actual data to our users.
We're going to add our data to our template to do that.
We're going to use an attribute method.
This method is going to serve our template as the data source we can inject any type of data to our
template with this attribute method.
So to do that in this attribute method we have to provide two things.
First one is the property that we want to inject into.
And the second one is the actual data.
So for property we're just going to say that our property name will be message and the data that we
want to show is hello from Sprint.
And we see in time we've.
All right.
And what we want to do now is we have to return our team L5 our template and I'm going to name our template
as Halo.
So as you can see we just returned string hello.
And spring is going to understand that we want to turn a template named Halo and try to locate it under
resources and templates.
So what we want to do now is we have to create a template for our halo.
And now let's just create a stem cell file we have to name this file as hello.
Because we're returning a hello template.
So let's just have it created now we need to do two things.
The first thing is that we have to at the time leave namespace to our team of while to do that I'm just
going to edit this line and say that our ex-Muslims namespace is going to be timely.
And we're going to be using t h for short.
So let's just say HTP
and terrible UWW timely.
Got it.
All right.
That's going to be our namespace and the other thing that we're going to do is we're going to inject
our message.
We're going to provide our actual template and into body.
I'm going to say that we're going to provide a message to our user
I'm just going to spend here and say that time we've text is going to be our template and our template
was again message.
So let's just use our template
and provide it to our template engine.
And now let's just rename our title as the time leaf demo and OK we're ready to run our application
and see if everything is OK.
So let's run our application
as you can see our help that is mapped as a web method and the model is injected to it.
So to test it out let's just open up to Firefox
and let's go to localhost ADHD and our path was.
Hello.
And let's just hit enter here we go with how our message from our code from our template let's just
take an overview of what we've done in this demo we have created a controller to serve our template
this template is going to be preserved from the Hello Pat or what they were to.
We're going to choose to serve it and we're going to inject our model to this request to the method
that it's going to handle the request.
And in this injected model variable we're going to add our attribute which is going to be injected into
our template and processed by our template engine which is timely and we're providing this.
Hello from spring and we see time leave message to our message we're able and we're simply returning
the string hello as the math of the return and that return is going to be understood by spring and timely
and timely if we'll go and check that we have to have a halo that HVM L5 ready for this template to
be processed.
And this is our actual template file in the sample file.
What we basically that we said at the time we've template namespace is this and we use the time we've
text tack to inject our message to our view to our template.
Basically that's all there is to process a message process at Dedo with time.
Leave it simple as that.
You can process any kind of data anything with this template engine.
All right we took a sneak peak of what we can do with time live in the next section.
I'll give you an exercise where you can play around with Springhill and we see and create your own views
and process with time vengeance.
So I'll see you on the next video.